thank you I'm like I'm about to serve
Chef Ramsay like this is so cool
the clams are they fresh clams honestly
they're it's frozen I'll start with the
fins spring roll links good choice
thank you plug it for the salmon as well
please darling mine cause I'll have a
shepherd's pie please I think okay
Thank You Melissa you're welcome I want
to see you and Ramsay chug-chug yeah
yeah oh smoke tuck them into bed good
night
I'm a very confident person and I've
been in the kitchen for a long time I'm
almost positive we'll get a good review
when you get family business right it
goes on for generations and here it
doesn't feel like a family-run business
at all thumbs are full of atmosphere fun
it's got tweed net curtains like you're
gonna visit your granny weird new arts
spring rolls with comments laughter yeah
[Music]
it's very strange bizarre-looking spring
roll are they party on the menu people
really like them no doubt half the
customers are drunk half hour of my life
not a big hit like it no Brian's in the
kitchen like wondering I'm just like
nope
you really thought that I was gonna walk
back there and be like he loved it you
know he wants you to come work for him
come on try that one might be good you
said clean silverware Thank You dawn
and what's his stuff with Lisa and
Melissa on top is a balsamic reduction
he likes to use that a lot you know he
says yes he does
he on everything he puts a little
drizzle on a little thank you you're
welcome
always a sign of a very insecure chef
when he macerates everything can pass
with vinegar look at this
horrible doesn't taste salmon at all
after all does my shepherd's pie have
any boss minute video no good lovely
I didn't even think he likes the water
he said ah well my shepherd's pie have
any balsamic vinegar on acid I can
assure you it will not do I do I dare I
don't like to come off conceited or
cocky I'm very good at what I do I know
the back of the house very well I've
done everything that's out there try
that one
[Music]
enjoy thank you you're welcome
it's just a big ball of grease just very
very greasy
[Music]
boom that's disgusting 22nd order left
Oh No